---
layout: "post"
title: "9) People"
date: 2019-11-25 18:12:08 -0700
catagories: dj-blog
author: "Anastasia"
permalink: "People"
---

Granted, this is a pretty broad topic, but I wanted to talk about the importance of people in this whole process.

I always enjoyed music a lot. Music is cathartic. As I grew up, I did piano, dance, choir, music theory and made movies. DJing would have seemed like a natural progression for a music fanatic, but it eluded me for the longest time. It wasn’t until I had encountered a DJ with a powerful, optimistic, sharp and witty personality did I start to think that I could be a DJ myself. Now, being part of the tech industry, the importance of mentors and role models is very well-discussed. However, somehow its importance in other fields was overlooked. I was empowered by Alison Wonderland - after seeing her play, I began to genuinely consider that DJing could be something for me. In music, almost more than any other industry, you would think that diversity is a prerequisite given that everyone of all genders, races, ages, listens to music. However, finding people that you resonate with can be hard in reality. Having role models that inspire you can be a strong driving force.

I’ve looked long and far for more DJs with an open, engaged, mellow online presence but I haven’t found many. Some are inactive or, worse, have a snobbish demeanour. I find it also tends to propagate their stage presence, and I’m not really interested in taking example from that.
In terms of ‘key opinion leaders’ in the EDM/trap space, I love to follow: Mixmag, Boiler Room, Night Owl Radio. Alison Wonderland, Lido have a great online presence. I also love keeping up with Dopey (very talented vinyl DJ based in Toronto).